[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>CYNTHIA SUE
LARSON: When you're
thinking and feeling and
needing to know an answer,
nature will give
you that answer.
And so this is why
it's so important
not to let our fears, our
anxiety, or our anger,
or our grief lead the way.
That's a big mistake when we
let those dramatic emotions run
the show.
And this is where we can
play with that uncertainty
principle, play with
the quantum physics,
play with the entanglement,
recognize relationships matter,
the questions matter.
And we can guide ourselves
in a positive way out of it.
The key is to rise above
those knee-jerk reactions
that we often have so that we
can start feeling that higher
level self that we can get.
If you're able to document what
happened to me this last 24
hours and actually find three
things you're grateful for--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: That's huge.
That gets toward,
how good can it get?
>>LARSON: Yes.
Your frame of mind,
where you're coming from,
the questions
you're asking, what
you're thinking,
how you're feeling
will absolutely
affect the outcome.
>>REGINA: In my previous
shows with Cynthia Sue Larson,
we spoke about
intriguing concepts
such as the Mandela effect,
quantum jumping, and reality
shifts.
Now we're going to
drill down deeper
into the quantum nature of
our reality or unreality,
depending on where we stand.
Welcome back, Cynthia.
What a year.
It's been a crazy year.
You went through
COVID, long-haulers.
And it was a challenge, but
you saw all of the gifts in it.
You saw what the underlying
nature of that reality was.
A little bit later can we
talk about some of that
maybe, for other people who've
been through this journey?
>>LARSON: Yes.
It's affecting so many people.
>>REGINA: It is.
OK.
I'm going to write that down.
We'll bookmark it for later.
But right now, you
and I agreed what
we want to talk about
is this whole thing that
seems to be-- well, it's being
called the post-truth era.
So this is the
way you phrase it,
and this is a
question you posed.
Is quantum uncertainty
driving truth wars?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: OK.
There's a lot to
unpack there and I
want to spend some time on
it, because everyone says,
I don't know what
the truth is anymore.
This is everywhere.
>>LARSON: Well, first of all,
I think definition of terms
would be good.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Do.
>>LARSON: OK.
Quantum uncertainty is
basically an intrinsic part
of quantum physics,
the quantum paradigm.
Even since Heisenberg's
uncertainty principle
that so many people
are familiar with,
we're aware that you can't
know both the position
and momentum of a quantum
particle, for example.
So that phrase,
quantum uncertainty,
is definitely understood in
the realm of quantum physics.
Now we're taking it a little
bit outside the typical realm
of quantum physics and moving
it into these truth wars, which
is where people believe that
facts are a certain way,
and that they can't change
or that they don't change,
and that there is such a
thing as objective reality.
But what we're learning from
quantum physics as we go
is that that may
not be the case.
And so when we recognize that
quantum physics is showing us
that there is such a thing
as subjective reality,
subjective awareness, and
it's not just one physicist
saying that.
>>REGINA: And uncertainty
at the base of everything.
>>LARSON: Uncertainty at
the base of everything.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: And this is a very
key concept to soak in and allow
to percolate,
because a lot of us--
it flies in the face of
what we think is true.
We think that there is one
fixed, objective reality,
because we're so anchored
in this material realism,
this classical mindset,
which is actually,
in my way of looking at it, a
subset of the greater quantum
logic, the greater
quantum paradigm, which is
much more of the universal set.
So when you talk about
a theory of everything,
you need to look at, how
do these two intertwine,
interrelate?
And what I'm
learning and what I'm
seeing, and from physicists such
as Lucien Hardy, who basically
said that you can derive
all of quantum physics
from six simple axioms, that's
a good thing, because then you
can say, well, if you can
do that, then you can say,
within that might be
the classical paradigm.
And we don't have
all of this put
together so that all
physicists agree.
But we're starting to get many
physicists like Carlo Rovelli,
Tom Campbell, and
several others saying
that, yes, the idea of
subjective realities
looks like that is
the case, that is--
>>REGINA: Rather than
objective reality.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And before people
would say, of course there's
objective reality.
We all live in this little
village called whatnot.
This person over here
owns the pharmacy,
and this person over here
has the daycare center,
and then there's the
banker, and you all
go to the same church
on Sunday together.
And that seemed
to be-- there was
a kind of agreed-upon stability
that everyone recognized
their place and
what each other did
and what each other even
believed to a large extent.
That's gone.
I mean, to a large
extent, that perception
of that stable reality
seems to be gone now where
family members, members of--
co-workers, members
of organizations,
churches, spiritual groups
can't agree on much of anything
right now.
>>LARSON: That's true.
>>REGINA: Now I
want to go further
into it, because there's
a lot of programming.
The film on "Social
Dilemma" I think certainly
showed us part of how
these camps of truth
seem to be taking shape, because
we're being subconsciously
molded and programmed.
Take it away from there.
>>LARSON: OK, well
that documentary that
you're referring to is
such a great example,
because even if people
haven't seen it yet,
"The Social Dilemma," it shows
without a doubt that we are
being impacted without most
people's conscious awareness--
>>REGINA: Or permission.
>>LARSON: Or permission.
Right.
And then when you see
the developers of some
of these social platforms do not
allow their own children to use
these platforms,
then you can start
to see, what is going on here?
It's kind of terrifying when you
think about the implications.
So the implications
are that our worldview,
our narratives are being
shaped to a large degree
by what we consider to be truth,
the narrative that we agree on,
the socially agreed
upon reality or facts.
And as individual observers,
it's always been the case--
we knew it was the case that
what I think of as blue,
you might--
hopefully, you think
it's the same thing,
but we don't know for sure.
And we were OK with that
as long as, like you said,
the baker has agreed
to be the baker and--
>>REGINA: Right.
Everybody has kind of something
we can define and count
on day in and day out.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
So it gets interesting
when we have
the idea that these other forms
of collective consciousness
have come on the scene,
kind of snuck on the scene.
I'm not naming the social media.
It doesn't really matter
which ones they are.
But any time you get an
aggregate, a collective
of people and there's
somebody shaping
what's being allowed to be
put forth on that platform
or not allowed,
whoever those are,
the gatekeepers of
those platforms,
they are to a large
degree shaping
the way people view the truth.
>>REGINA: So now it's
becoming-- but that's now
shaping subjective reality.
>>LARSON: It is.
And it's much bigger than any
simple political difference.
So it's even a bigger
situation than just two
political parties or--
>>REGINA: Way deeper.
>>LARSON: It's way
more than that.
>>REGINA: It's way bigger.
Because the most common
thing I hear people say,
no matter what their
beliefs on anything,
which can be
anything now, is gee,
I just don't know what
to believe anymore.
>>LARSON: Right.
And people are starting to
doubt their own doctors,
their own medical
establishment, because they've
been through things,
and they felt
like they were being gaslighted
by the medical practitioners
they were seeing who were not
believing what they were saying
about their long-haul symptoms
and that kind of thing.
That's a group that I've
just been exposed to.
I've been part of
that community,
and I'm still part
of that community.
I feel like those people
don't feel understood.
They feel like they've been--
like they're not understood
by their families,
by their neighbors, not
even by their doctors.
And that is kind of a massive
letdown for a lot of people.
>>REGINA: So it's
almost like a period
of reality deconstruction.
Or was it ever
constructed to begin with?
Or is it just that
we had a simpler time
without these social
influences and these media
influences where it appeared we
had a more agreed upon reality?
>>LARSON: That's what I
would say is the case.
I think as things get more
complicated-- the internet came
along, then the various social
media platforms came along.
So there's been a complexity
that's been increasing.
If any of us look back
10, 20, 30 years ago,
even if you watch movies,
period pieces of those times,
everyone seems so naive,
so happy-go-lucky.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
"Andy Griffith Show," you know?
Andy knew everything
pretty much.
If he didn't, Aunt Bee did.
[LAUGHTER]
>>LARSON: Love it.
And it makes us feel good,
because when you go back
to a reduction of entropy, when
you back the complexity off
and you go back to
that sense of just--
if you go back far
enough, you get back
to pure, unconditional love.
You get back to what the
perennial philosophies talk
about.
>>REGINA: Great
virtues and so forth.
>>LARSON: Yes, exactly.
And that's the actual energy.
It's not even energy.
It's the lack of entropy
that drives everything.
>>REGINA: Let's explain
that term, entropy,
for those who don't
know it, because it's
critical to this conversation.
>>LARSON: Right.
So if you look at--
like, if you've got a cup of
hot beverage or something,
you know that over
time it'll get cooler.
So you just leave it alone.
You can pick it up later.
Oh, good.
It's cooled off.
And then you can say,
OK, I can take a sip.
So the second law of
thermodynamics gets into that.
And we take it for granted.
Of course, that happens.
But what we're
taking for granted
is this one-way
direction of time.
And that's something
that's not necessarily
required by quantum physics,
which is interesting.
But it's something we
take for granted within
that little subset,
little bubble
of our classical
reality, of everything
our senses can measure
and experience.
So what was that term?
>>REGINA: One of the simple--
one of the simple concepts
is chaos, for example, when
we were talking about entropy.
So let's talk about it the way
you were using it a moment ago.
>>LARSON: So the
way I'm using it now
is looking at the
complexity just with time.
We get more and more things,
more apps on our cell phones--
>>REGINA: More potentials.
>>LARSON: More potentials.
Exactly.
But they start getting
realized, and then we don't even
know what's going on with it.
The implications
of the interactions
between all these new
technologies, these new ways
of thinking, new social
ways of dealing with things,
it just increasingly leads
to more and more complexity.
>>REGINA: So would you
then define entropy
as more complexity
or more potentials?
Because sometimes it's also
synonymous with a more chaotic
state or a less coherent state.
>>LARSON: There's a tendency
toward chaos, as you say.
But we can cut
through that noise,
through the entanglements.
That's the relationships
that we have with one
another, with the
Earth, with the cosmos.
Those relationships
are everything,
because they can provide that--
if you want to call it
an anchor or a sense of,
this is something that
holds together here.
This is where we can
experience a sense
of shared reality, where we
agree, this is the baker.
This is the fire
house, and so forth.
>>REGINA: So we are in
a time of, would you
say, from our-- certainly over
the last decades of anybody
who's been alive, of
increasing entropy?
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
Yeah.
We're seeing a lot more of that.
It's always been true.
And it was exciting around I
think the turn of the century,
around 1900.
I wasn't alive to see
it, but that was huge,
because people were
feeling like, wow.
The automobile is coming.
We can leave the horses
and buggies behind.
>>REGINA: The
telephone came along.
>>LARSON: Telephone, yes.
So lots of things that just
started feeling like, wow.
The world is really
getting better, brighter.
And then, of course,
in the 1940s and '50s,
it really felt that way.
And then we had "The Andy
Griffith Show" in the '60s.
And all of those days
seem very naive to us
now when we're
looking at the issues
that we're facing
worldwide, whatever
they may be with the
weather, with the pandemic,
with global warming that
people are concerned about.
Just all of the
environmental issues
are in some ways tied to
the complexity or at least
our understanding of the world.
>>REGINA: So you
mentioned when it
comes to-- a little
while ago, you
used the term the
theory of everything,
which Tom Campbell's
book is "My Big Toe,"
my big theory of everything.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: You know, and
he's a genius physicist.
He teaches workshops
on remote viewing,
because time isn't tangled.
Time isn't one
unidirectional, and so forth.
And he's just a brilliant
fellow who I haven't
interviewed for a while.
I need to have him
back on the show.
Because one thing that always
stuck with me in his work
when he was describing,
why is a cup a cup,
why are we perceiving--
if this is nothing but particles
or even a little denser atoms,
and atoms separated at
such great distances
you practically need to have a
telescope to see them, right?
I mean, we're talking about--
all of this, everything,
you, me, this cup
is nothing but space
with tiny bits of matter
that somehow we're
perceiving as concrete, real.
We're drinking out of it.
So he was talking about
this perception of reality
that he called our
rendering of reality.
That's a unique term if
you're in the video business,
because you have all these
pixels and things in the here
and there, in the equipment.
And ultimately, it
all comes together
through the process of creating
an image as-- the image renders
itself into the complete
image it finally becomes.
First, tell us, what did he mean
by that agreed upon rendering
of reality where no matter
where you are in the world,
this is a cup?
No matter who you
are, this is a cup.
>>LARSON: Well, what
he meant by it--
I'm not-- I don't feel like
I can speak for Tom Campbell,
but in general it has
to do with consciousness
being fundamental.
Can't get behind consciousness.
That was Max Planck, the
founder of quantum physics
that said that.
And that's very true.
You really can't go
past consciousness.
And so what it really means
is that we are rendering
all of the shapes and forms.
This is very much as--
>>REGINA: This has
been agreed upon.
>>LARSON: Yeah, it's
been agreed upon,
because it's a
shared experience,
and so it's something that
we can basically recognize.
>>REGINA: So that goes back
to what you were just saying.
The only way to
really have anything
we can in our own lives
consider an objective reality
is on some level to
have an agreement,
to have something agreed upon.
And it's hard to have an
isolated objective reality.
>>LARSON: Right.
Yeah.
And what we're seeing
with these truth
wars is we're
seeing a splitting.
You can have two
people side by side
who are observing something that
one of them would say is a cup
and the other one would
say, no, that's a mug.
And maybe they're both right.
When you get into
quantum physics--
>>REGINA: They look the same.
>>LARSON: Yeah,
they look the same.
And if you see the handle, then
it goes from a cup to a mug
maybe.
So your perspective
matters, of course.
But what's really
interesting is now
we're really
starting to recognize
that even if one person
looks for facts to back up
an argument, whatever
the argument might be,
they'll be able to find
that, thanks to the fact
that nature gives us
what we're asking for.
>>REGINA: And social media and
these platforms and algorithms
help manifest that for you.
>>LARSON: They definitely do.
And for anyone
who's using these,
whether it's AI or
partly our consciousness,
we're starting to witness
some of this very phenomenon.
And the physicist
John Archibald Wheeler
was one of the first people
that brought that idea forward,
that you can ask
nature a question
and you can get an answer back.
Then Henry Stapp has
written about that,
and another physicist.
So there are lots of signs that
this is definitely happening.
You ask nature a question.
And so you're
researching something.
You're looking for facts.
You want to back
up your theories--
>>REGINA: Your position.
>>LARSON: --whatever
it may be, and you'll
find what you're looking for.
And you can find very valid,
verifiable facts, which might
not have been there before.
That's the interesting
thing for me personally.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: OK, go into that,
because that's your bailiwick.
>>LARSON: Yeah, that's right--
>>REGINA: Jumping
timelines and such.
Talk about that.
Have you experienced
that yourself?
Because you research
all the time.
>>LARSON: Yes, constantly.
I do witness this quite a lot.
And when you start
noticing it and you
start recognizing what it is--
like, you look at something
and you do a double take.
Like, that's not what
I thought it was,
whether it's a logo or a brand--
or it could be anything at all.
Could be a fact in history
is suddenly different.
But any of those cases
tell us that obviously--
well, previously to
recognizing the Mandela effect,
reality shifts.
So what we're
looking at, when you
look at this idea that
you can look for the facts
that you want--
it is what you want, because
you're asking the question.
And so that's where I
think a lot of people
don't realize what's happening.
If you ask a question that
you don't want the answer to,
that's where I would
advise caution, caution.
Don't do that.
We really need to
start asking questions
we do want the answers to.
So if people are
getting one thing out
of this whole interview,
I think that should
be the big, big takeaway.
And people think,
well, what difference
does a question make?
It makes all the difference.
Even if it's just a
thought, just a thought,
makes a huge difference
because when you're
thinking and feeling and
needing to know an answer,
nature will give
you that answer.
And so this is why
it's so important
not to let our fears,
our anxiety, our anger,
or our grief lead the way.
That's a big mistake when we
let those dramatic emotions run
the show.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Let's refer back, just
to kind of seal up
this portion of the
conversation on the notion
of an objective reality.
You said there was
an experiment that
was done in 2019 that seemed
to lead to the conclusion maybe
there isn't objective reality.
>>LARSON: Right.
OK.
What we're talking about
now is an experiment that
was conducted with six
entangled photons in a rendition
of the double slit
experiment, which
is that famous experiment--
I know we've talked
about it before.
And basically, the
idea of this experiment
was to test the Wigner's
friend hypothesis, which is--
this gets into the idea that
you've got the observer,
and they are sort
of dictating what
you record, what the truth is of
a certain experimental result.
What would happen if
there was an observer
of the first observer?
So you're starting to
get stacked observation.
>>REGINA: And this
was human observers?
>>LARSON: No.
>>REGINA: What kind
of observation?
>>LARSON: OK, this
particular experiment
was conducted at the
University of Vienna, Austria,
and Edinburgh, Scotland.
And so what they were
observing was, what
do these two devices record?
And then the humans
come along and see
what the devices recorded.
So there are humans
involved, but the two devices
are tracking these
six entangled photons.
>>REGINA: And what
did they find?
What was the end result?
>>LARSON: This is where
it gets interesting.
What they found
was the two devices
absolutely had different
results at the same place
and same time.
And so the takeaway
is maybe there
is no such thing as
an objective reality.
>>REGINA: OK.
So going back to
that collectively
agreed upon realities,
that collective rendering
of reality, using the
notion of this cup/mug,
depending on the
configuration of the handle.
So that would be--
that's been for thousands and
thousands of years in history
we've picked up a vessel like
this, filled it with something,
and we've drunk from it.
And we all call it whatever
in our native language, a mug
or a cup.
So that is agreed upon.
That's agreed upon.
I don't think too many
people would argue that.
But through thousands of years
of experience and observation.
So here in this room, I
think everyone in here
can agree this is
a cup or a mug.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that's about as
far as it sounds
like we're going to get anymore
with objective reality, right?
So now what happens in this
increasingly more chaotic field
where we have expanding entropy,
i.e. potentials and complexity?
How does anyone get
their bearings again?
>>LARSON: This is
where I recommend
asking the questions you
do want the answers to
and getting above the
drama of just coming
from that place of anxiety
or fear or anger or sadness.
These very strong emotions
can pull us off course.
So what we need
to be looking for
is asking questions
from a grateful place
or a respectful place or a
kind or compassionate place.
Really asking questions
like, how good can it get?
>>REGINA: Yeah, I love it.
That's your question.
I love that question.
>>LARSON: That's a good
question in any circumstance.
And so this is
what we need to be
doing when we notice that
the person standing next
to us or whatever the situation
seems to be for each of us
looks like a difficult one.
>>REGINA: That's true, because
you're very optimistic.
And that's your favorite
question in life
is, how good can it get?
Which I love.
I just fell in
love with you when
I heard that that was your
favorite question years ago.
The person right next
to you might be saying,
how bad can it get?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Now we are--
now we understand.
Everyone sort of-- we
create our own reality.
I think you've just given some
of the mechanics for that.
We are creating our own reality.
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about how good
it can get, because
it does erase and blur
timelines and everything else.
Time can run forward, backward.
It can run in an infinite
loop, and anything's possible.
Miracles happen all the time.
>>LARSON: All the time, yes.
>>REGINA: Especially to people
like you, and sometimes to me
too.
So let's talk
about what happened
when you were in a particularly
high vibrational state,
in just an engrossing,
lovely conversation.
Last time you were
here in Boulder,
you were at the wonderful
Dushanbe Teahouse here.
Now everyone had left.
The waiters let you stay,
probably because they were just
digging your energy.
Let's talk about what happened,
about how good it can get,
reflections of creation
on the positive side.
>>LARSON: OK.
This is a beautiful experience.
I was there with a dear
friend, Nicole DeMario.
And she's the author
of "Book of Nicole."
But we were talking about--
this was January--
mid-January 2020.
It's very important to
have the time frame.
>>REGINA: Just before
COVID was COVID.
It was being identified
kind of, but not yet.
>>LARSON: It wasn't
really on our radar.
We were not aware of it.
So we had just been
talking about the ideas
for future conferences,
talks, presentations.
But bigger than that,
what we were really
hoping for for the
world, and really
asking these good questions.
And we were just ramping
each other up kind
of like, let's
dream about how good
it can get for the whole planet.
We were just going
higher and higher,
and the vibe was off
the charts to the point
that the wait staff
said, just stay there.
Just keep talking.
And we were talking and talking.
And at some point I thought, OK.
We should let them go home
and we should pack this up.
So I stood up so I could
get a picture with Nicole.
And as I stood up,
just in front of me,
sort of in the middle
of-- in midair,
I saw a rose appear
and land at my feet.
And it was a freshly cut tea
rose with beautiful pink color.
And I looked around.
Are there any of these
other roses on tables?
Is this something
that they do here?
No, there were no other roses on
tables, and I didn't bring it.
Nicole didn't bring it.
It just showed up.
And it seemed like
it was definitely
a marker or an honoring,
or maybe an answer back
from the cosmos of, yes,
this is a wonderful thing
to be intending for all of
humanity, to be looking at,
how kind can we
be to one another?
How good can we
How can we really respect one
another despite differences?
That is exactly what we were
looking at, talking about,
and then a rose appears.
And then the story continues,
because I tried to, of course,
bring this rose home safely.
It meant a lot to me.
And what happened is it
vanished between the--
I got it back to the hotel room.
I know that.
I took pictures of it.
But then after that, somewhere
between getting it to the--
I had a safe container to
bring it in and everything.
I had it all set up.
But it vanished en
route somewhere.
I don't think it made it
to the Denver Airport even.
I looked for it and I
thought, well, maybe I
didn't remember where I
put it in the suitcase,
but it was nowhere.
And it vanished
for a few months.
But it did show up again.
So this is one of those
disappearing, reappearing--
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
We've talked about
that in other shows.
We've both had that experience.
>>LARSON: So it showed up in
the bottom of a heavily used bag
that I was using constantly
between that trip
and just in daily life.
>>REGINA: Well, and you
empty it all the time.
>>LARSON: And I always empty it.
And then I throw tons
of heavy things on top.
Wallet, camera, iPad.
Who knows what?
Just water bottles.
So it would have crushed it.
So one day I just opened the
purse to put something in it,
and at the bottom was
the perfect exact same--
>>REGINA: Wasn't even crushed.
>>LARSON: Not crushed.
Perfect condition, dried, as
if it had been dried perfectly
for a few months.
But there's no way it
could have been sitting
at the bottom of that purse.
>>REGINA: And so what did
you glean from that message?
>>LARSON: That was just-- and
this was several months later.
Now we're in the lockdown.
And it was a reminder of
the same message again.
Like, everything's
going to be OK.
So this is a rose, which
has deep symbolic meaning.
If you look it up
in a dream book
or if you think about
the fragrant associated
with certain angels, and
so forth, obviously it's
an indicator of love.
And just don't lose hope.
Even if it seems really
difficult right now
that everything can
come back together.
You know, obviously, we
can keep this dream alive.
So it was really,
don't lose the dream.
>>REGINA: You talk
about parallel timelines
and realities, and
there are so many places
we can go in this conversation.
But since we're
here, I've heard you
say that COVID was a timeline.
It was a timeline.
Was there another one?
>>LARSON: I think
there are lots of them.
>>REGINA: I mean, we have
collectively agreed upon--
on Earth, it appears most
people have heard of it
or had some interface with
it one way or another.
So we somehow agreed
upon this timeline.
So what have you
learned from this?
We have to say since
our parallel timelines
that we have all
collectively agreed
to be in this timeline
with this happening.
>>LARSON: Right.
Well, when we look at,
how good can it get,
when we look at, what can come
from this in a good way that
can be helpful for all of us,
those are the right questions,
because then we're getting
answers we actually
want the answers to.
And so that's what
gets interesting.
There are other
timelines possible.
Maybe the things that
humanity needed to learn
would have been a lot rougher
road with those other paths,
and that's what I
would tend to expect.
>>REGINA: Or maybe this
gave us an expedited path
to learning those things.
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
At the right time.
>>REGINA: At the right time.
So when I look at it and I
look at the whole COVID thing,
one thing that comes
up is it's taught us
whatever we had created
prior to COVID that
became known in medical
circles and language
as underlying conditions
or comorbidity factors,
these things started coming to
the surface almost right away.
But only the extreme ones
like diabetes or something.
But the fact is everyone, unless
you're a little baby or a kid,
most people have
something that's
been created within their
being that's out of balance.
And what this did
is it pushed it.
It pushed it forward.
Whatever you had brewing
got pushed to the forefront
like the stress of COVID.
So tell us about
the beauty of that.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
Well, see, I got personally
involved with that.
>>REGINA: Yes, you did.
>>LARSON: And obviously
that's a good thing,
because then I was
able to go through it,
come out the other side,
recovered with vast wisdom,
knowledge, and depth
of experience of it,
which showed me
personally that--
because I do keep
asking those questions.
I do live this path of,
how good can it get?
And what I started
seeing was the gift
in the long-haul COVID.
COVID was rough on me
too, but the long-haul
COVID, I'd say that
was much harder for me
than for a lot of
people, because there
are hundreds of
symptoms basically,
to the point that
when anybody goes
to see their doctor
or caregiver,
the doctor's overwhelmed.
They can't handle 200 symptoms.
It's too much.
But when I was looking at,
what are the gifts here,
I saw, well, what am I seeing?
And I thought, OK.
I'm noticing I'm about 30 years
older suddenly, like overnight.
So now I'm suddenly in my golden
years, which are not so golden.
Like, everything's
falling apart.
I'm getting a preview
of-- apparently
I would get arthritis.
I might get tremors,
Parkinson's, brain fog,
Alzheimer's.
All these things we tend to
associate with aging, right?
>>REGINA: Yes, but these are--
when these things
express in age,
they've already been manifesting
on subtle energy levels
for a long time
prior based on what
we've been exposed to,
our thought, our beliefs,
our past history and all that.
So it almost gave you a
coming attraction time.
>>LARSON: Well, it
was better than that.
I felt like I got the answers
at the end of the book.
It's kind of like--
it's kind of like, wow.
Because when I ask,
what are the gifts,
then I started seeing
there are gifts,
because there are such
things as antioxidants that
can help bring healing
and bring restoration
to our natural system so that
we can back off everything
I just talked about,
which I was experiencing
as well as the multitudes
of other symptoms.
And we can do this with
a very targeted approach.
For each of us, we all have
different physiologies.
We all have different
energetic makeups.
But we can start learning
from our own unique signs
and groupings of
symptoms and find exactly
a targeted, natural
way out of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, that's really interesting.
And I agree.
That's the same thing
I noticed among people,
is that something that
may not have expressed
itself was expressing itself
early, or way sooner than one
would have expected.
But on the other hand, it also,
like you said, it guided you.
Wait a minute.
If arthritis is in my future,
if that's brewing energetically,
I can get a jump
on that right now.
And it seemed to me the greatest
gift was to say, you know what?
I think the people even at
the highest levels have said,
everybody's going to be
exposed to this by the time
it's-- whenever it passes.
And if not, you've had the
spike protein introduced
through vaccines, so everybody's
got this spike protein in them
now.
This is part of humanity.
And so in the initial
stage of the stress
of this new thing
in us, we learned
that the greatest gift is now--
we're obliged to
listen to ourselves,
our bodies, our emotions,
and treat ourselves kindly.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: This is what's
required to stay healthy now.
>>LARSON: Yes, absolutely.
And that was part of
the healing regimen
that I followed was 90 days
of minimum stress, exertion,
and heat, because it releases
those spike proteins you're
talking about.
So long story short,
that is necessary.
And that's so hard for us.
We tend to live a
very stressful life.
>>REGINA: Well, look.
I mean, this is wonderful.
[LAUGHTER]
You and I are both optimists.
It's wonderful in
a way, because it
got to happen to the whole
planet at one time pretty much,
except for some isolated
people here and there.
It got to happen to everyone.
And usually those
isolated people
are Indigenous people who
aren't living the rat race
life the rest of the people,
the rest of us on the planet
are living.
So maybe that's the
lesson that didn't
need to be learned in some
of those more remote areas,
and so they were
untouched by it.
But I just think about
the beauty of what
happened when everyone--
A, we all talk about
the great pause.
Everyone had a few
months off and everything
was quiet for a while.
Earth got to recover herself
and take a breath without us
trammeling all over the place.
But much deeper than that,
we got to look at ourselves
and who we are and
what we're doing.
And now if we try to do it,
we start getting exhausted
or maybe we feel sick again.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Maybe
another little thing
starts revealing
itself in our health
that we were not happy to see.
>>LARSON: And this is where we
can play with that uncertainty
principle, play with
the quantum physics,
play with the entanglement,
recognize relationships matter,
the questions matter.
And we can guide ourselves
in a positive way out of it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: And that's
not to minimize what's
happened to so many people.
It's been a tough time, and a
lot of people have passed on.
>>REGINA: It has.
And I had it too.
And while I didn't have
any long-hauler syndrome,
I will say this.
If I get emotionally
stressed out and upset,
one of the features
that I had in my body,
which was that spike
protein that inflames you
where you start getting
this burning under the skin
and tingling, that
starts up again.
So the spike
protein's still there.
So I know I'm over the
edge on emotions and stress
when I start feeling
the tingling.
It's like, there it is.
Back off.
You don't want to go
back to that again.
And so it's a wonderful
reminder, really.
So that's that, and
thank you for sharing
your own experience.
And I think we're not
cheerleaders for COVID
by any means.
We're just looking
at the silver lining
and the beauty that can come.
And it couldn't have
come to humanity
to slow down, pay attention,
take care of yourselves, rest,
couldn't have come
in any other way.
We weren't going to
do it voluntarily.
>>LARSON: I hope people can
be kind to one another and not
withhold medical care or--
>>REGINA: That's a
whole other thing.
Oh my god.
That's where the camps
of truth have come in.
It's become so mean-spirited,
really so cruel,
when this is the time we should
be offering the most grace
and compassion to each other.
That part of the lesson,
we haven't learned.
We're learning--
maybe we're starting
to learn about our
bodies, but we're not
starting to learn
about our interactions.
>>LARSON: That requires
emotional intelligence.
>>REGINA: Emotional
intelligence.
>>LARSON: And we hear so
many people talking about
trust the science and
be smart, but what
about the wisdom of the heart?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: That matters so much.
>>REGINA: It does.
And timelines, traveling into
the future beyond all of this,
have you looked into the future?
Have you had any
experiences of kind
of traveling into what
appears to be the future?
>>LARSON: Right.
Well, I've had a
feeling of living
a past life in the future,
so that's a big one.
But that's huge.
That's like, whoo!
>>REGINA: Yeah, I can't
unpack that in five minutes,
but you could give it a try.
But what is your--
what sense from this thing we
call past, present, and future
and a past life in the
future, so to speak,
what do you see about how this
turns out, where we're headed?
And again, these are
all potential timelines.
>>LARSON: Well, hopefully
we can return to a sense
that Indigenous people have long
had, of respecting the Earth,
respecting one another
that is so important.
And I feel so strongly
about it that I've
coined a new term, revhumanism,
as a different choice
to transhumanism, because
with so many of the technology
proponents-- and there's
nothing wrong with technology
implicitly.
But if we put all of our
faith into AI and the future
being mechanized
and technological--
>>REGINA: The heart's
missing it from the future.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: The heart's missing.
So let's talk about
your version of what
happens on the path
you're talking about,
because you talk about
the word ascension,
but not in the new age sense.
>>LARSON: No.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about what real ascension
looks like for you.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, real ascension has to
do with getting into a higher
level of wisdom that's
available to all of us,
when we start asking
these questions
and recognizing that our
consciousness is really
many levels of consciousness.
And this draws from the ideas
from Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz,
who was one of the
inventors of calculus.
And he had the idea that
if you have a first order
perception of
touching something,
a sensation of some sort,
and then you, the person
that you think you really
are, you're observing that.
And then there can
be levels above that.
So this is where the
idea of ascension
comes in, recognizing that
we have higher levels of self
that we might get
through feeling
connected to
angels, for example,
channeling, that kind of thing.
And we all have access to it.
We can open ourselves
up to receiving higher
levels of awareness of self.
So it's a big idea.
>>REGINA: It's a big idea.
But also what allows us to
open into the new, including
the transcendent, is often
trauma, being pulled up
from our moorings.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And that's
certainly happening right now.
>>LARSON: It is.
>>REGINA: So it's
leaving more people
perhaps unmoored, but also
open to new understanding,
new influence.
>>LARSON: Right.
Hopefully that's the case.
And the big jump, the
ascension leap, if you will,
is to move out of that
trauma body of all that--
we were talking earlier
about the grief, the sadness,
the anxiety, the
fear, and the anger.
These are points on
a drama triangle.
Those are the three
main roles that people
play without knowing
they're doing it.
And so the key is to rise
above those knee-jerk reactions
we often have so that we can
start feeling that higher level
self that we can get.
If you're able to document what
happened to me this last 24
hours and actually find three
things you're grateful for--
>>REGINA: That's huge.
That gets more toward
the Cynthia way of living
is how good-- that gets
toward, how good can it get?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And this is so
overlooked because we're tired.
We're exhausted.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: But I think
you're absolutely right.
If there's one thing
we could do before we
go to sleep at night--
you said name three things that
we're grateful or thankful for.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: That's huge.
That's a takeaway.
That's a Post-it
note on the forehead,
because that's going
to lead to this greater
understanding and awareness
that you're talking about.
>>LARSON: And when
you tie that into what
you had something to do with,
then you feel like, wow.
I'm involved in this.
And you start gradually
crawling out of that pit
that you might have felt
like you've fallen into.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Right.
And you say this is really--
in a sense, it's about rising
above our ego consciousness.
>>LARSON: It is.
The death that happens--
because often when people
say ascending, they
think, well, you died.
But actually, the
only death really
is the ego of death, that
smaller version of ourselves
that's just interested
in, I need to get mine.
If I get mine, then I'm good.
Instead of really
recognizing that our life is
much more in service to others.
That's what brings
true happiness.
>>REGINA: It is.
So if we can be
entangled-- we're
in this field of
entanglement, right?
You, Dean Radin, and many
people talk about this field
of entanglement.
If we're going to choose-- if
we're going to be entangled,
if we can direct our intention
toward being entangled,
as you say, in love, in
loving presence, in grace,
in compassion, and choose that
resonance of entanglement,
that's going to bring a
certain quality of potential
to our lives to create from.
Becomes our toolbox.
>>LARSON: Right.
And it cuts through the noise.
It cuts through-- and you
can feel it happening.
When you're focusing on
the people that you love
and on what you care about
most, then those kind
of chaotic concerns and
anxieties don't seem real.
And they're not.
I mean, to someone they are.
People that are locking that
in as their reality, that
can be their reality.
>>REGINA: Well,
we've all been there.
Gotten super stressed
out like, I can't
believe they're saying this.
But we've all gotten wrapped
around the axle on this stuff.
>>LARSON: Right.
But ideally, we can
ascend out of the chaos,
the emotional
drama, and get back
to that sense of low-entropy
love in our hearts
where it's not
chaotic, where we just
have that feeling of
pure love and bliss,
that unconditional love feeling.
And it's real.
It's quite real.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
where roses manifest from.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: But that's where
we can manifest our--
manifest our reality from.
Or we can be distraught
and destroyed
by what appears to
be the lack of truth
and the chaos ensuing and
people at each other's throats
and go into despair, anger,
or sadness over this.
And that's our toolbox.
That's what we get
to create from.
>>LARSON: And that's how you
can tell which path you're on.
That's a great
way to look at it.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: One final thing I
wanted to ask you before we go.
Tell us the signs of
the spiritual awakening,
because there are a lot of them.
And they're kind of fast,
but everyone watching
is probably tapping into
one or more of these things.
>>LARSON: Well, there's
so many of them.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
So let's get in
order of priority,
some of the most common
ones that you're noticing.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, a lot of people
are noticing things
like repeating numbers.
You might look at your
clock, and it seems
like I'm always seeing 1:11.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
see that a lot too.
>>LARSON: You know,
2:22 and 3:33.
>>REGINA: 4:44, my birth time.
>>LARSON: [LAUGHS]
Oh, I love it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: So we
see these numbers.
Or it might be a
significant number,
like someone might see their
birth number or their birthday
or that of a loved one.
But the repeating numbers
are very strongly meaningful,
because they can activate
within us a sense that there's
something bigger than just me.
Like, how is it
that every time I'm
looking at a clock,
that's the time?
Who could be orchestrating this?
This is kind of mind-blowing.
>>REGINA: So that's like
a tap, getting your--
I'm getting your attention.
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: And then lots of
people with ascension syndromes
are feeling things like
seeing flashes of light.
>>REGINA: Everywhere.
Yeah.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
So this is happening
on a big scale.
It used to be just a few
people this would happen to.
Now it's much more widespread.
And then seeing things like
reality shifts, Mandela
effects, that's
increasing as well.
So in other words,
witnessing, am I
looking at a parallel universe?
>>REGINA: Senses of
lost time or no time.
>>LARSON: No time.
>>REGINA: Synchronicity's
increasing.
>>LARSON: Synchronicity's
a big one.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
So I love this.
What we see can be changed.
That's what we're
going to go out on.
If you can see it,
you can work with it.
You can change it.
You can apply these principles
that make up our toolboxes,
so let's finish on that.
>>LARSON: Well, I like to
do it kind of like improv.
So you can say, OK, I accept
this from a neutral place.
So we're not getting dramatic.
We're just recognizing, OK,
so I've got long-haul COVID.
OK.
So you're in a neutral place.
But you want to be
positively looking forward.
You want to be looking, like,
what can I learn from this?
What's the gift?
Where can this go?
So then when we take
the idea that what
you see around you looks
like it's fixed, it's solid,
it's in place, it's not going to
change, don't stay stuck there.
Recognize things do change.
Basically, some people
that believe in miracles
would say, a miracle can happen
in a moment, in a second.
Absolutely.
But we can also recognize
even if you don't believe
in miracles, we
now know that you
can have two observers at
the same place and same time
seeing two different things.
So your frame of mind,
where you're coming from,
the questions
you're asking, what
you're thinking,
how you're feeling
will absolutely
affect the outcome.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So I love what you had to say.
Just quickly re-encapsulating,
stay out of the drama
if you can, if you can avoid
the density of the drama which
takes you into a
lower resonance field.
>>LARSON: Right.
Right.
>>REGINA: Have
these three-- if you
can, before you go
to sleep at night,
find at least
three things you're
grateful for that you were
personally even engaged
with during that day,
which starts laying
the foundation for that good
toolbox of love and resonance
and gratitude, grace,
and all of that, right?
And understand that we're
in a world that is--
well, reality shifts
is what you do, right?
It's called reality shifts.
We're in a very fluid reality.
And so if we're going to
have to choose what's true,
we'd better make it good.
>>LARSON: Right.
Ask the questions you
want the answers to.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And how good can it get?
>>LARSON: Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Once again,
Cynthia, thank you so much.
You're such a
brainiac, and I really
appreciate the fact that
you can take something
as complex as quantum science
and bring it into a language
that we can understand
and have takeaways from.
>>LARSON: Oh, thank you.
Thank you for what you do too.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS] Cynthia
puts out regular posts
with her loving
and incisive view
on how we can live into our
highest potential of life,
into joy and grace and
divine uncertainty.
You can connect with
her and support her work
by going to realityshifters.com.
You can also watch my previous
interviews with Cynthia
here on Gaia to get even more
background on these topics.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]